Inputs for the Software

1.Possible range of temperature in which software should work (in a particular experiment) will also be an input(manual) 
in the software. 

2.GPIB address value will be inputted in the software by the user,if it match with device GPIB address then software will 
connect with hardware device. If it is not matched then change the value of GPIB address in software or device such that 
they become same in both.

3.Current in ohmmeter, dimensions of test sample will also be an input for the software.

4.Temperature difference value must be inputted by the user so that the software can take reading  for  discrete temperature 
points(depends on gradient) .



Client Requirements: 

1. User must input the temperature difference (before starting the process each time) using which the corresponding input 
through the High Resistance Meter should be taken.
Software must take input of range of temperature in which the reading has to be taken.

2.If temperature controller reaches its lowest temperature point (as inputted by user) then software will automatically 
change from cooling to heating mode  and stop the loops when it  reaches the highest point again.

3.There should be combined and separate graph of cooling and heating mode for a particular experiment(test sample).


4.Software will take reading from High Resistance Meter when the temperature of the test sample reaches the value inputted 
in software(discrete temperatures value).But if it does not reach that particular temperature point and fluctuates nearby 
then the software will take reading after a particular time (depends on temperature difference) if the value is differ from 
the original one, less than or equal times a given constant(inbuilt in the software). 

5.On taking reading, software take 5 to 8 readings in interval of some nanoseconds continuously and then make average of that
readings. Average value will be final reading of resistance at that temperature and also reduces error from the readings . 
